[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1988 Christmas action movie
die hard so let's get started the film
opens on Christmas Eve with NYPD
detective John McClane arriving in Los
Angeles trying to reconcile with his
estranged wife Holly at a Christmas
party at Nakatomi tower McClane has
drove to the party by a limo driver
argyll while McClane is changing his
clothes the party is interrupted by a
German terrorist Hans Gruber and his
heavily armed team everyone in the tower
is held hostage
except McClane and argyll Gruber
interrogate Sanaa kotomi executive to
get the code for the buildings of all
but the executive refuses and is killed
McLean witness is this and gives himself
away but is able to escape McClane
begins a cat-and-mouse game with the
terrorists having won almost discover
him and then killing them and repeating
this McClane who secures a radio and
gets in touch with sergeant al Powell
from the LAPD and the two coordinate
attacks via the radio McClane also takes
the c-4 explosives and detonators and
uses some of them to kill terrorists
that are shooting at SWAT vehicles a
Nakatomi executive tries to mediate a
deal between McClane and Gruber while
McClane refuses and the employee is
killed
Gruber encounters McClane but Gruber
pretends to be a hostage a scuffle
happens and McClane escapes the FBI cuts
off the power which Gruber wanted as it
disables the final lock on the
building's vault Gruber demands a
helicopter be brought but plans to
detonate explosives on the roof to fake
their death so they can escape Gruber
figures out that Holly is McLane's wife
because of a careless news reporter and
threatens to use her against McClane
Gruber triggers the roofs explosives
a terrorist shows up with the getaway
vehicle an ambulance
however Argyll hits the ambulance with
his limo McClane offers to surrender to
Gruber to save Holly but he has a pistol
taped to his back he kills one of the
terrorists and injures Gruber Gruber
falls through
window but grabs on a holly then mcclain
removes her watch causing Gruber to fall
to his death outside MacLean and Holly
meet Powell a terrorist emerges and
tries to shoot MacLean but is killed by
Powell the news reporter who gave up
Holly comes up and attempts to interview
them but Holly punches him for putting
them in danger as the film ends Holly
and MacLean leave together in argyles
limo so that was the spoilers for die
hard if you have another film you'd like
to see me spoil please let me know in
the comments below check out movie
spoiler alerts on Instagram and remember
to Like and subscribe thanks for
watching